var passport = require('passport')
  , FacebookStrategy = require('passport-facebook').Strategy;

passport.use(new FacebookStrategy({
    clientID: FACEBOOK_APP_ID,
    clientSecret: FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET,
    callbackURL: "http://www.example.com/auth/facebook/callback"
  },
  function(accessToken, refreshToken, profile, done) {
    User.findOrCreate(...)
    // findOrCreate({
      // email: profile.email,
      // gender: profile.gender,
      // birthday: profile.bday
    //})
      .then(user => done(null, user))
      .catch(err => done(err));
  }
));


//////////////////
passport.use(new FacebookStrategy({
    clientID: FACEBOOK_APP_ID,
    clientSecret: FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET,
    callbackURL: "http://localhost:3000/auth/facebook/callback"
  },
  function(accessToken, refreshToken, profile, cb) {
    User.findOrCreate({ facebookId: profile.id }, function (err, user) {
      return cb(err, user);
    });
  }
));
/Users/mac/Documents/IronYard/projects/summer-back/node_modules/passport-facebook

////////////////////
user model

name: DataTypes.STRING,
firstName: DataTypes.STRING,
lastName: DataTypes.STRING,
username: DataTypes.STRING,
email: DataTypes.STRING,
password: DataTypes.STRING,
salt: DataTypes.STRING,
profileUrl: DataTypes.STRING,
facebookId: DataTypes.STRING

job model

title: DataTypes.STRING,
employer: DataTypes.STRING,
description: DataTypes.STRING,
location: DataTypes.STRING,
contactName: DataTypes.STRING,
email: DataTypes.STRING

activities

date: DataTypes.STRING,
title: DataTypes.STRING,
description: DataTypes.STRING,
location: DataTypes.STRING,
contact: DataTypes.STRING,
photoUrl: DataTypes.STRING,
activityUrl: DataTypes.STRING,
admissionFee: DataTypes.STRING
